---
id: unity-sdk-release-notes
title: 0.53.1 - Unity SDK Release Notes
sidebar_position: 3
date: 07/26/2022
---

## SDK Delivered via The Lab 2.0

- Unity Example Project
- Magic Leap 2 Unity SDK Package

### Delivered via secure email share

- Unity Installer

## Bug Fixes

- MLAudioPlayback class has been restricted to submit audio buffers only in ZI mode, not when running the app directly on the device.

## Known Issues

- Image tracking, Cloud Anchors & World Raycast & Hand Meshing support has been temporarily disabled in this release. None of these are currently supported on the device. Once re-enabled, developers can use these on ZI.
- Media player currently only supports playback for web URLs. Support for files packaged in the apk will be added later.
- Eye blinking state is not reported either by the eye tracking API or the gaze recognition API (awaiting platform support).
- Eye pupil size is always reported as 4.0 (awaiting platform support).
- WebRTC LocalAppDefinedAudioSourceBehavior is restricted to 1 audio channel.
- Projects built with MSA plugin fail to build with linker errors if Strip Engine Code setting is enabled.
- XR Framework Meshing subsystem crashes when attempting to load mesh blocks for rendering.
- Shaders using compute shader passes cause vulkan exception in Unity player (meshing wireframe shader specifically).
- Frame rate can deteriorate after pausing and resuming an app multiple times.
- Detecting simultaneous controller input buttons does not work in Unity Input System 1.2.
- Marker tracker transforms are upside down requiring users to rotate them by 180 degrees about the forward vector.
- Camera capture can freeze app after multiple captures.
- MLCamera.CaptureVideoStop fails with UnspecifiedFailure when called by WebRTC CameraVideoSource.
- Collision mesh not properly generated by MeshingSubsystemComponent.
- YcbcrRenderer.Cleanup() not fully cleaning up resources.
- Create Voice Configuration asset menu item creates the wrong asset type.
- Spatial anchors report incorrect location for a single frame.
- Some configurations of camera capture can produce distored images.
- WebRTC video sync rendering fails when non-white material is assigned.
- MLGestureClassification's GestureTransformRotation and GestureInteractionRotation are not implemented yet and data will not be guaranteed accurate. Currently only the Positions of the Hand Transform and Interaction Point will be recommended to use.

